You are holding this chicken
Go around your garden three times
Remember not to speak
Can't look back
Can't run, you know?
Otherwise you are helpless, go
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, smoke
The chicken made by your daughter-in-law is so beautiful
Hey, hey, hey.
Smoking, smoking
Hey, you keep the drumsticks for me
Keep the drumsticks for me, oops
If not, you and I can eat chicken buttocks
The chicken butt should also be very replenished.
Smoking
You are such a coward to smoke
Little Xianggong
Let's talk later
Little husband, stop turning around
It was recruited with something squeezed at the back of the head
It wasn't me who met today
Fake is fake
You bow three times to the door
Put the chicken in
Grandpa, what's going on?
This is to stop the disaster for you.
And that Li Ergou
I just scolded your scourge lady for a long time
This will also prevent the disaster for you.
Then I've passed this hurdle
Hmm, you think beautifully
You usually sleep with your head facing east and your feet facing west
It's upside down tonight, your head is facing west and your feet are facing east
Put this chicken at your feet
Remember, no matter what happens tonight
You don't even wrestle with that scourge